Wrong, are you mistaken?
You ask me to come on stage and say this!
I was wrong! Your God is the descendant of Wanjia!
Now! Go!
Being fucked is not enough! Never forget this time!
You're fooled into repairing it for nothing!
I control the fate of my family!
Today! Consensus Brand Home!
Talk about everything! All, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all.
All, all, all, all, all, all, all.
All, all, all, all, all.
Tell me what good intentions you have all day
But once you can help me Wanqiang
It has long been out of scope.
You changed you again
It’s just you who said Xiao La first
Don't make up for others here
It would be better if nothing happens in the morning
What does it have to do with me
Then I want to say
What did you do today?
makes me unhappy
make you unhappy
I tell you
Like a waste like you
I'm killing you
It's as simple as your own love and you let me
What are you talking about, little kid?